The Joe Rogan experience.
Have you ever considered something alternative to, uh, air inflated tires?
Have you seen some of these, these alternatives that have, uh,
essentially spaces in between the upper wall and the wheel?
Have you thought about that? Yeah, we.
We've had, uh, we haven't found a, you know, uh,
it's higher that because you gotta worry about road noise.
Uh, you gotta take out, uh, potholes and bumps. Um,
you, you gotta have like, um, good grip,
but you also want to have low rolling resistance so that, you know,
you get good range.
Those are a lot of things to try to put into one tire.
Um, then if you also say, and it can't have error, it's like, this is hard.
Um.
So, but you're talking, I'm talking to a guy who's putting people on Mars.
You can't figure out a airless tire.
It's just, it's, it's an incremental constraint. Um,
saying there won't be such a thing. I think there will be too precise.
Cuz it seems like we've just gotten way too comfortable with this idea,
the tires blow out and you get flats. It's very annoying. Flats are annoying.
Yeah. Very annoying. Yeah.
Um, in non-sport tires, by the way,
I'm much less likely to go to have flats cause.
They bounce.
Yeah. Yeah. Like let's say you hit,
you hit at the edge of a pothole mm-hmm <affirmative> if you got more rubber
wall, you know, you got a longer way to go before you, you pinch the tire. So,
um, sport tires tend to that have more flats, um, in,
especially in, in LA potholes. That's the worst <laugh> yeah.
Well there's one particular pothole on sunset hard.
It would just take out so many model S like a boom boom. Both sides of the car.
Really?
Yeah. <laugh>.
Um, yeah, Steven Spielberg was actually once it's like, Hey,
Steven Spielberg is like two tires went. I was like, God it.
I know that pothole <laugh>.
Um, feel like you get pay to fix that. I.
Mean, fix that pothole. It seems like that's actually, you'll be like, man,
there sure are a lot of taxes in California if, for roads this bad. Yeah.
It's the place a mess. Yeah. Um, so,
so ultimately one day that's a possibility of having some sort of an airless
tire, cuz I've seen prototypes.
I've never seen one in an actual car in physical, in, in real life.
Yeah. I think we're the technology's gradually getting there. Um,
and I think for something like a robo taxi where you want to have the tires last
for a long time and not go flat, um, it's gonna make a lot of sense.
Yeah. Um, but other than that, essentially,
most of what we saw in the demo is the same it's still gonna have now. Oh yeah.
There was the issue with the glass when, you know,
the accidentally shatter that. How, how annoying was that?
That was shocking. <laugh> I mean, we, we, we literally spent,
you know, hours beforehand with like lots of people throwing, uh,
steel balls at, at the window. Right. Um, I mean we must have thrown at least,
at least a dozen people must have thrown steel balls at the, at the same window.
Though. Yeah. Same window.
Isn't that the problem? Yeah. That might,
it turns out that might be the problem.
<laugh> if you keep throwing steel bulls,
eventually it's gonna break <laugh> and, and I did,
I did ask fronts to really wind up and give it all, you know, I should,
should have like, oh, take it easy. Yeah. You know, give a,
you don't need to wind up. We don't need the fast bowl. But I asked the,
I did ask for the fast bowl and we're like, okay,
let's for the slightly not slightly slower ball. Do you.
Think it was because you guys were hitting the side wall with a sledge.
Hammer at first? Yeah. That could be like,
we're trying to figure out how the hell this thing breaked, because I mean,
we were just bouncing steel balls off it all day. Right. Um,
and we think possibly what had, what, what might have happened there was that,
uh, hitting it with the sledge hammer. I had to crack the base of it.
And once you crack the base of it, it loses all its strength. Right. Um,
and then, and then it was just have a hairline fracture and then, then you,
you hit, you hit it anywhere it's gonna shatter.
Did you recreate that?
We, we didn't um, it's, it's also hard with, uh, test glass,
like with, uh, you know, like when you actually do reduction glass,
it's much more of robust than, uh, demo glass, uh, cuz production, glass, you,
you, you, you know, um, you,
it like demo glass, you just can't make you,
you have to have like massive tools and ovens and everything to,
to make the production glass it's it's like, and if you don't, you know,
that takes a while to do so. The production class is always better than,
than the than demo glass. Mm. Um, nonetheless, it should have worked. Um,
and,
and it was probably because we racked it with a sledge hammer and then through
the steel bulleted. Mm.
<Laugh>.
But, but, uh, it, it will be Bulletproof to handgun. Now, why.
Did you decide to do all that? Make it Bulletproof and make it like,
you could hit it with a sledge hammer? Like what,
what was the motivation to make it different than just like a model S I mean,
I think.
You know, it's like, what's cool about a truck trucks are tough and like, okay,
what's tougher than a truck, a tank. What about a tank from the future?
<laugh> okay. Now you have a tank from the future. Okay. Yeah.
That's Bulletproof. Yeah. And how's that compare to, you know,
it's way tougher than a regular truck. Look.
It's cool. Yeah. There's no doubt.
Characters for the future. That like halo with a rock and launcher in the back.
Have you thought about doing something like that?
Somebody's gonna do it for sure. For, for military use. Yeah. Seems like it.
I mean, I don't know. That sounds like it'd be fun. I mean, like, you know,
cruising around the field and like loving shooting.
Rockets now,
is there ever a possibility that these things are gonna be solar powered?
Is that, is that someday is the solar technology gonna get to a point where.
It's kind of a surface area issue? So, I mean,
I think we could possibly put the, the cover of the truck bed, um,
you know, put some solar sales in that. So if you just leave it out in the sun,
you know, probably bring, you know, recharges a few miles a day type of thing.
Oh, it was only, it would only be a few miles. Yeah. But what about one day?
Is it possible that technology could evolve to the point where they could
extract? No, really?
No, it's a, so there's about one kilowat per square meter of solar energy,
and then you're gonna get, uh, I dunno, probably 20, 25% efficiency.
So you got 200 watch of square meter,
and then that's assuming that you're normal to the sun. So, you know,
like you're, you know, at the right angles basically, like,
are you facing this sun or not? So, you know,
you add all those things up. You say how many square meters can you really get?
And then, uh, how many, what hours per mile. So
it has basically, if you could do 10 miles a day, you'd be lucky. Really?
Yeah.
<affirmative> and that's not gonna change no catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video and
audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps,
N can download episodes to save on data cost all for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full of the Joe Rogan experience.